fix(README): Change instructions for installing badger in README.md (#1495)
dgraph-io/badger: docs/content/get-started/index.md

## Installing

> To start using Badger, install Go 1.12 or above. Badger v2 needs go modules and run `go get`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using Badger, install Go 1.12 or above. Badger v2 needs go modules. Run the following command to retrieve the library.
```
